For the ALLOWED_VALUES tag property, what is the MAXIMUM number of possible string values for a single tag?

A. 10
B. 50
C. 64
D. 256

Answer B 

Which Snowflake table type is only visible to the user who creates it, can have the same name as permanent tables in the same schema, and is dropped at the end of the session?

A. Temporary
B. Local
C. User
D. Transient

Answer A 

What is a characteristic of a role in Snowflake?

A. Roles cannot be granted to other roles.
B. System-defined roles can be dropped.
C. Privileges granted to system roles by Snowflake can be revoked.
D. Privileges on securable objects can be granted and revoked to a role.

Answer D 

What command would a user execute to load unstructured data files into a Snowflake internal stage?

A. PUT
B. GET
C. LIST
D. COPY INTO

Answer D 

Copy into : loads data from stage to table 
PUT command copy the files from local folder into snowflake 

How do managed access schemas help with data governance?

A. They log all operations and enable fine-grained auditing.
B. They provide centralized privilege management with the schema owner.
C. They enforce identical privileges across all tables and views in a schema.
D. They require the use of masking and row access policies across every table and view in the schema.

Answer B 

What is the default period of time the Warehouse Activity section provides a graph of Snowsight activity?

A. 2 hours
B. 1 week
C. 2 weeks
D. 1 month

Answer C 

A Snowflake user wants to unload data from a relational table sized 5 GB using CSV. The extract needs to be as performant as possible.

What should the user do?

A. Use Parquet as the unload file format, using Parquet's default compression feature.
B. Use a regular expression in the stage specification of the COPY command to restrict parsing time.
C. Increase the default MAX_FILE_SIZE to 5 GB and set SINGLE = true to produce a single file.
D. Leave the default MAX_FILE_SIZE to 16 MB to take advantage of parallel operations.

Answer D 

How is the MANAGE GRANTS privilege applied?

A. Globally
B. At the database level
C. At the schema level
D. At the table level

Answer C 

What is required for a query execution to be served from the result cache?

A. The user is the same.
B. The SQL texts the same.
C. The SQL query profile is the same.
D. The virtual warehouse is the same.

Answer B 

Which Snowflake URL type is used by directory tables?

A. File
B. Pre-signed
C. Scoped
D. Virtual-hosted style

At which point is data encrypted when using a PUT command?

A. When it reaches the virtual warehouse
B. When it gets micro-partitioned
C. Before it is sent from the user's machine
D. After it reaches the internal stage

Answer C 

Which privileges are required for a user to restore an object? (Choose two.)

A. UPDATE
B. OWNERSHIP
C. MODIFY
D. UNDROP
E. CREATE

Answer B & E 

For a multi-cluster virtual warehouse, which parameters are used to calculate the number of credits billed? (Choose two.)

A. Cache size
B. Warehouse size
C. Number of clusters
D. Volume of data processed
E. Number of queries executed


