A Snowflake query took 40 minutes to run. The results indicate that ‘Bytes spilled to local storage’ was a large number.

What is the issue and how can it be resolved?

A. The warehouse is too large. Decrease the size of the warehouse to reduce the spillage.
B. The warehouse is too small. Increase the size of the warehouse to reduce the spillage.
C. The Snowflake console has timed-out. Contact Snowflake Support.
D. The warehouse consists of a single cluster. Use a multi-cluster warehouse to reduce the spillage.

Answer B 

What is the MOST efficient way to load streaming data into Snowflake?

A. Use the COPY command.
B. Use Snowpipe.
C. Use the Load Data Wizard.
D. Use tasks and streams.

Answer B 

Which COPY INTO statement accurately describes how to unload data from a Snowflake table?

A. The default value for the SINGLE option is set to TRUE.
B. By default, COPY INTO statements do not separate table data into a set of output files.
C. The OBJECT_CONSTRUCT function can be combined with the COPY command to convert the rows in a relational table to a single VARIANT column.
D. If the COMPRESSION option is set to TRUE, a file's name can be specified with the appropriate file extension so that the output file can be compressed.

Answer C 

What command is used to download data from a Snowflake stage?

A. PUT
B. INSERT
C. GET
D. COPY

Answer C 

By default, which role has privileges to create tables and views in an account?

A. PUBLIC
B. SECURITYADMIN
C. SYSADMIN
D. USERADMIN

Answer C 

What does Snowflake recommend as a best practice for using secure views?

A. Use sequence-generated values.
B. Programmatically reveal the identifiers.
C. Use secure views solely for query convenience.
D. Do not expose the sequence-generated column(s).

Answer D 

What is the Fail-safe period for a transient table in the Snowflake Enterprise edition and higher?

A. 0 days
B. 1 day
C. 7 days
D. 14 days

Answer A 

How does a Snowflake user enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)?

A. The user must enroll themselves through the web interface.
B. The user must submit their encrypted private key to Snowflake.
C. The user must sign up with Duo Mobile for approval to use the service.
D. The user must configure Snowflake to use Single Sign-On (SSO).

Answer A 

What allows a user to limit the number of credits consumed within a Snowflake account?

A. Tracking account usage
B. Creating resource monitors
C. Automatic virtual warehouse scaling
D. Automatic clustering

Answer B 

Which statement accurately describes Snowflake's architecture?

A. It uses a local data repository for all compute nodes in the platform.
B. It is a blend of shared-disk and shared-everything database architectures.
C. It is a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing database architectures.
D. It reorganizes loaded data into internal optimized, compressed, and row-based format.

Answer C 

Which Snowflake SQL command is used to get a subset of rows randomly from a table?

A. GENERATOR
B. LATERAL
C. PIVOT
D. SAMPLE

Answer D 

Which statement accurately describes how a virtual warehouse functions?

A. Increasing the size of a virtual warehouse will always improve data loading performance.
B. Each virtual warehouse is an independent compute cluster that shares compute resources with other warehouses.
C. Each virtual warehouse is a compute cluster composed of multiple compute nodes allocated by Snowflake from a cloud provider.
D. All virtual warehouses share the same compute resources so performance degradation of one warehouse can significantly affect all the other warehouses.

Answer C 

Which Snowflake object can be used to record DML changes made to a table?

A. Snowpipe
B. Stage
C. Stream
D. Task

Answer C 

Which statistic displayed in a Query Profile is specific to external functions?

A. Bytes written
B. Total invocations
C. Partitions scanned
D. Bytes sent over the network

Answer D 

If there is queueing in the virtual warehouse load monitoring chart, what should a Snowflake user do?

A. Decrease the warehouse size.
B. Decrease the MIN_CLUSTER_COUNT parameter.
C. Change the multi-cluster settings to add additional clusters.
D. Start a separate warehouse and move queued queries there.

Answer D 

Which command is used to generate a zero-copy "snapshot" of any table, schema, or database?

A. ALTER
B. CREATE ... CLONE
C. COPY INTO
D. CREATE REPLICATION GROUP

Answer B 

How long is the load history stored in the metadata of the pipe in Snowpipe?

A. 2 days
B. 7 days
C. 14 days
D. 64 days

Answer C 

What are the key characteristics of ACСOUNT_USAGE views? (Choose two.)

A. There is no data latency.
B. The data latency can vary from 45 minutes to 3 hours.
C. The historical data is not retained.
D. The historical data can be retained from 7 days to 6 months.
E. Records for dropped objects are included in each view.

Answer D & E 

How does a scoped URL expire?

A. When the data cache clears.
B. When the persisted query result period ends.
C. The encoded URL access is permanent.
D. The length of time is specified in the expiration_time argument.

Answer D 

What are the available Snowflake scaling modes for configuring multi-cluster virtual warehouses? (Choose two.)

A. Auto-Scale
B. Economy
C. Maximized
D. Scale-Out
E. Standard

Answer A & C 

Which loop type iterates until a condition is true?

A. FOR
B. LOOP
C. REPEAT
D. WHILE

Answer D 

Which property needs to be added to the ALTER WAREHOUSE command to verify the additional compute resources for a virtual warehouse have been fully provisioned?

A. QUERY_ACCELERATION_MAX_SCALE_FACTOR
B. RESOURCE_MONITOR
C. SCALING_POLICY
D. WAIT_FOR_COMPLETION

Answer D 

How is enhanced authentication achieved in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
B. Snowflake-managed keys
C. Object level access control
D. Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
E. Federated authentication and Single Sign-On (SSO)

Answer D & E 

What are the native data types that Snowflake provides to store semi-structured data? (Choose two.)

A. ARRAY
B. JSON
C. ORC
D. Parquet
E. VARIANT

Answer A & E 

How long is the Fail-safe period for recovering historical data from permanent tables?

A. 1 day
B. 3 days
C. 7 days
D. 14 days

Answer C 

What does the average_overlaps in the output of SYSTEM$CLUSTERING_INFORMATION refer to?

A. The average number of micro-partitions stored in Time Travel.
B. The average number of partitions physically stored in the same location.
C. The average number of micro-partitions which contain overlapping value ranges.
D. The average number of micro-partitions in the table associated with cloned objects.

Answer C 
